

==Fistchain Change Proposals==

A Fistchain Change Proposal, or FIP for short, is a design document that describes
potential protocol or consensus changes to Fistchain.  Due to Fistchain's
decentralized governance structure, any proposed changes to consensus require
super-majority stakeholder approval via the integrated on-chain proof-of-stake
voting infrastructure.  Consequently, FIPs primarily serve for documentation,
fostering cross-implementation compatibility, and helping ensure proper
engineering rigor is followed.

Prior to putting a consensus change to an on-chain vote, the proposed change
must first be accompanied by a FIP as described in [[./FIP-0000/FIP-0000.mediawiki|FIP-0000]]
along with providing a working and tested implementation, and the rule change
must be gated behind a voting agenda which ensures the stakeholders are
provided with the opportunity to vote to accept or reject the change.

It is important to note that FIPs are intended to be the end result of an
off-chain proposal and voting system that deals with more generalized proposal
submissions.  It is through that system that all initial proposals for consensus
or protocol changes will be brought to life, undergo collaboration, and be
subject to an initial community vote to determine if the work necessary to
create a working implementation, its associated FIP, and an on-chain vote for
the rule change should be performed.

However, the aforementioned proposal system is not yet available.  This document
will be updated with more details once it is available.

{|class="wikitable sortable" style="width: auto; text-align: center;"
!Number!!Title!!Status
|-
|[[./FIP-0000/FIP-0000.mediawiki|0000]]||FIP Process||Active
|-
|[[./FIP-0001/FIP-0001.mediawiki|0001]]||New Stake Difficulty Algorithm||Active
|-
|[[./FIP-0002/FIP-0002.mediawiki|0002]]||SHA256 Opcode||Active
|-
|[[./FIP-0003/FIP-0003.mediawiki|0003]]||Relative Lock Time Support||Active
|-
|[[./FIP-0004/FIP-0004.mediawiki|0004]]||Fix LN Sequence Locks View||Active
|}
